feat: support annotations for service account in helm chart (#31)
isometry/github-token-manager: deploy/charts/github-token-manager/README.md

# GitHub Token Manager Helm Chart

This Helm chart is used to deploy the GitHub Token Manager application.

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-github-token-manager`:

```sh

> helm install my-github-token-manager -f values.yaml .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helm install my-github-token-manager -f values.yaml oci://ghcr.io/isometry/charts/github-token-manager:0.3.0
```

```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall the chart with the release name `my-github-token-manager`:

```sh
helm uninstall my-github-token-manager
```

## Configuration

The following table lists the most relevant configurable parameters of the GitHub Token Manager chart and their default values.

| Parameter | Description | Default               |
| --- | --- |-----------------------|
config.app_id | GitHub App ID | `0`                   |
config.installation_id | GitHub App Installation ID | `0`                   |
config.provider | GitHub App Private Key Provider | `aws`                 |
config.key | GitHub App Private Key Path | `alias/github-token-manager` |
rbac.serviceAccount.annotations | Annotations for the service account | `{}`                  |
commonAnnotations | Common annotations for all resources | `{}`                  |

The `config.provider` field supported options are:
- `aws`: The GitHub App private key is stored in AWS KMS (asymmetric, RSA_2048, sign and verify key) and the `config.key` field should be set to the alias of this KMS key.

> - `file`: The GitHub App private key is stored in a file and the `config.key` field should be set to the path to this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `file`: The GitHub App private key is stored in a file or provided as a literal string. To use store the private key in a file, the `gtm-config` secret should be managed manually; for testing purposes, the private key can be passed as a YAML multiline string via `config.key`.
```
